nine people i am the city ​​with two
new video material today is about that
bad company 2 weapons handling i have
the game always appears and I will
at the end still a reference to battlefield
4 but we'll see you then
should consider currently
I warn you about weapons selection limited
ask for a new account for it
but I'm still all very good
Reminder I had so 200 games
hours in before a bit more
So I can still some things
I would like to remember and would like to do that now
what are you talking about?
I learned in bed company 2 is that
they are really getting weapons there
Feel incredibly different in the
Battlefield 3 takes place personally
weapons that are very similar
but here in bed came her second was
everything always really difficult of one
weapon to move to the next because they
we have really big ones of the style
built-in differences
example storm rifles there are seven
storm rifles and including four
different damage model that's real
that's what it looks like most of the time
the higher the firing rate the lower
Damage that means f2000 is the highest there
fire wheel 850 euro
minute really did not judge
hurt the evening for 90 lowest
firing rate with 601 reported makes it
the highest damage here, for example
20 simple principle
and even though we have such a system
which is why it is extremely damaging
Fire rate is all that is pretty good
valens among each other
there are weapons that sting out that
for example, 36 for example
ultra-precise the saga 12 has melee
just an extreme impact
some say snipers are too
strong so good some say community
in the end, that's not right
normal but otherwise altogether so
Categories among each other are on a large scale
and not all badly formed so
I find, for example, the storm rifles
You can really do any assault rifle there
Take that is not necessarily normal
sounds so violent nowadays
Battlefield 3 for example, I would
his say or the storm from there
better and there are worse ones there say
I, for example, I prefer the im
In 1671 3971 come in bed the two are
there are more great seven weapons to
I have no plan which I
should take
they are all good and that was that
special could not swim any
take a weapon
and could with the weapon just immediately
well be good on bed for three
also be good with her but in the world
the 2 came no unfairness
So there is not the thing weapon
the ultra advantage now is clear
which is better and better in this area
this area gets better but it will
possible so really unfair or feels
Not really by a
weapon is disadvantaged and that is very good
what namely bed to get even
The micro börsting is particularly powerful
Michael basting is it so if
I quite small bars macher never
like battlefield 3 for example with the
scan ten shots you have to cut out
Take a break for a while
bang out another ten
that will not get far as two
pretty much not at the end 4 3 itself
Do you make this micro per stick
actually not at all
stop it before you do that distance
maybe just with the choice
the whole special effect had the micro
börsting but in bed buy nothing knows
it is almost a duty to kick back there
is relatively high are also so
bit random this time, so this time
The weapon really strikes everywhere
and you can really see that
I have that often enough
I 'm doing continuous fire the thing
It is everywhere the weapon just by
on the opponent something like that
and so also were there succeeds
this micro börsting that is as I said
a cent is not really that
only as 5er burst some fireburst oz
is really just a single ball the
you really shoot every ball 1
and then the weapons arrive too
otherwise it is really difficult
Scatter or recoil makes you
really a dash through the bill
and above all, you do that too
short distances like battlefield 3 do
I just because no one say good at 10
meter I do not need that over 20
perhaps the two so come as you can
your self at 20 meters can be continuous fire
make nothing synonymous yes there would be
really firing every single one and that
a mechanic is this demanding
I also find it motivating and very motivating
so I find the michaela
makes this michael basting very nice
In any case, a lot of fun and can
you like to see more often, why come
I insist on it in battlefield 4
possibility that we have something more in this
direction again
it will not be as blatant as in bed
the two come the plaster that
Guess now and me
most likely appreciate it that way
but the recoil of the weapon
is already much higher so am16 the
in battlefield 3 for example
Conclusion have the gene battlefield
many things come from the good
already beat up and there you have to
always take care a little bit how
We either do that one says
Dauerfeuer nothing was an idea for a coach
below what does not work so well or
I also do the micro börsting
some try each the bowl
to put exactly
even at a high rate to a
Statement from a dice employee
slow firearms are at continuous fire
more accurate and stable than weapons with
same caliber and handset fire rate
Of course you can understand that
permanent fire has with still fully not rate
more than for sense and what you have to
Instead, just do the brushing
thing is how hard you have to do that
make rich 5s burst I doubt it
but sometimes very strong, I think that will
ultimately be so that these
must publicly be quite small which one
really needs to fire every single room
which is a bit more demanding
really a habituation but I have to
say it's pretty fast so I have
me back very quickly
found the other and it is
actually my eyes also very much
motivating that has violent at 43 zb
we really have all the weapons in part
could brush very long and that
Handling not so demanding for me
how is the two in the bed come
case is
you have to remember that in the band fear 3
the recoil is the more accurate
appears and looks so years after
right up world come two water
More towards the edges
and in bed we have the mix
Both of us have the highest sap
fighting and we have just the recoil
that we can recognize so we have
double-sided see the mix
as it is otherwise
I recommend you just once
if you come to bed the two are
you would always like to have fun with it
bed come 2 games do not synonymous Yes
but I find one from time to my round
to play a bit to refresh
fun too
was that how much did it do now ?
claim again and also kemal
that two do not even have me
once to try from time to time again
maybe this mechanic too
to get used to maybe in
battlefield 4 could occur around one
practicing a bit of energy is bad
That's why I would recommend you
Just come back to bed the two
called out
well of course I liked the video
I will be happy with the reviews
and yes you see three people